docs/index.md, before:

<!--
    Copyright 2019 VMware, Inc.
    SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause
-->

# Precaution

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/vmware/precaution.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/vmware/precaution)
[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/vmware/precaution/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/vmware/precaution)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%202--Clause-orange.svg)](https://github.com/vmware/precaution/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-join%20chat%20%E2%86%92-e01563.svg)](https://code.vmware.com/web/code/join)

## Overview

Precaution provides simple, automated code reviews for GitHub projects by running
code linters with a security focus on all pull requests.

GitHub integration is made through the GitHub app interface and the checks API (beta),
which allows results to be presented directly as inline annotations instead of
a pass/fail status report.

Precaution currently supports analysis of python files via Bandit and go files via Gosec. New languages may be added in future.

* Documentation: [vmware/precaution/docs](https://vmware.github.io/precaution/)
* Source: [vmware/precaution](https://github.com/vmware/precaution)
* Bugs: [vmware/precaution/issues](https://github.com/vmware/precaution/issues)

## Additional documentation

- [Initial setup](initial_setup.md)
- [False positives and how to handle them](false_positivies.md)
- [Setting up a manual deployment](manual_deployment.md)
- [Building this documentation locally](local_docs_build.md)
- [Debugging with VSCode](local_development.md)
- [Architecture](architecture.md)

Commit message:

Split documentation index into logical sections
Start to organise our documentation a little better by splitting into
four sections:
1) Using Precaution
2) Deploying Precaution
3) Developing Precaution
4) Precaution community

Signed-off-by: Joshua Lock <jlock@vmware.com>

docs/index.md, after:

<!--
    Copyright 2019 VMware, Inc.
    SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause
-->

# Precaution

## Overview

Precaution provides simple, automated code reviews for GitHub projects by running code linters with a security focus on all pull requests.

Precaution currently supports analysis of:
* Go files via [Gosec](https://github.com/securego/gosec)
* JavaScript and TypeScript via [TSLint](https://github.com/palantir/tslint) and [tslint-config-security](https://github.com/webschik/tslint-config-security)
* Python files via [Bandit](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit)

## Using the Precaution GitHub App

- [Initial setup for your repository](initial_setup.md)
- [Marking code to ignore with exclusions](false_positivies.md)

## Deploying your own instance of Precaution

- [Setting up a manual deployment](manual_deployment.md)

## Developing Precaution

- [Debugging with VSCode](local_development.md)
- [Architecture](architecture.md)
- [Building this documentation locally](local_docs_build.md)

## Precaution community

* Fork us on GitHub: [vmware/precaution](https://github.com/vmware/precaution)
* File bugs and enhancement requests: [vmware/precaution/issues](https://github.com/vmware/precaution/issues)
* Chat with us on Slack: [VMware Code](https://code.vmware.com/web/code/join)
